review the full code base in deep dive detail, then critically think about our progress and then do another deep dive detail codebase review, provide fixes, enhancements and other ways to make this application more powerful.  This is an AI power house that is focused on data quality, following Washington State, National, and local laws.  A module to enpower the Benton County Assessors office, improving its data, data quality, data science, office workflows, questions concerning property tax in the state of washington, real estate values, real estate valuation, real estate in the local, state, and national makrets.  Fullest focused on the Local markets as that Is the area of concern.  This needs to be future foward and progress in everyway, using and implementing cutting cut, stable and mothoods of greatness in the industry.  This needs to reloutionize the Property Tax way of life, it needs to relouvtionize the real estate appraisal industry.  It needs to provide a full on imersive user experience, autonimus workflows, but also creating a space for the user to work withthe information on their own in a way thats familiar to them with the leveraged help of the AI Army and The AI army of experts.  We needs to start training and employing this MCP and AI Army by coaching them and having them finshed out their respective rules in the applicatin.  To make sure that they have a perfect knowelge or their role within the system.  We need to add to there protocal the new Agent to Agent protocal ( i believe open source)  This will strengthen our MCP server as well as our Army of AI Agents who specialize in there roles within this system.  Making sure that their roles adn rules and context are clearly defined and adheard to.  from the Clerical staff as well as the Appraisal staff in Benton County Assessors office prospective, review the full code base in deep dive detail, then critically think about our progress and then do another deep dive detail codebase review, Then come up with a detailed plan of how to accomplish this new part of the MVP.